Added v1-beta1 schema (#1)
score-spec/schema: README.md

# JSON schemas for Score files

| version | file |
| --- | --- |
| v1-beta1 | score-v1b1.json |

## Embed schemas into project

Add Score schemas into projects with `git subtree add` command:

```
git subtree add \
  --prefix schemas \
  git@github.com:score-spec/schema.git main \
  --squash
```

> > **Note:** To avoid storing the entire history of the subproject in the main repository make sure to include `--squash` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** To avoid storing the entire history of the sub-project in the main repository, make sure to include `--squash` flag.
```
nitpicking 😬

Author: fixed
